¶ Just off the shores
of Never Land ¶
¶ A hideaway at sea
- Yo-ho.
- Let's go.
¶ A pirate band
outwits the plans ¶
¶ Of Captain Hook and Smee
- Yo-ho.
- Let's go.
¶ The merry crew
of Never Land Pirates ¶
¶ Through and through
¶ They're jolly buccaneers
¶ Join with Jake
and the Never Land Pirates ¶
¶ Come along
We need some volunteers ¶
- Jake.
- Ahoy.
- Izzy.
- Cubby.
- Ahoy.
- Skully.
Yooo, yo-ho.
¶ Jake and the
Never Land Pirates ¶
¶ Climb aboard, me hearties
and be a pirate true ¶
Let's go.
¶ With Jake
and the Never Land Pirates ¶
¶ We'll set the course
together, come on ¶
¶ And join the crew
Yo-ho, let's go.
Ha-har.
Ahoy, mateys.
Do you want to join
my pirate crew?
Great.
To start today's adventure,
everybody say
the Pirate Password:
Yo-ho ho.
- [all] Yo-ho ho.
- One more time.
Yo-ho ho.
[Jake] "Cubby's Mixed-Up Map."
[Cubby] Check it out, mateys.
My new map
of hidden treasures
is even more awesome
than awesome.
There's the Crystal Cat.
That's cool.
But been there. Done that.
Well, over here
is the Ruby Red Ruby.
Shiny. But we already
found it and it's safely
stored in our treasure room.
How about...
...the Golden Dinghy.
[both] Golden Dinghy?
A solid gold rowboat? That's a
treasure we've never found.
Crew, that sounds
like a challenge.
Mateys, will you go help us
find the Golden Dinghy?
Great.
Keep a lookout
for gold doubloons.
Whenever we solve
a Pirate Problem together,
they'll appear.
Then we'll collect 'em
and put 'em in our
Team Treasure Chest.
Is everybody ready?
I got my sword.
I got my map.
And I've got
my Pixie Dust.
The fairies gave it to me
so that we can use it to fly.
But only in emergencies.
Yo-ho, let's go!
¶ Yo-ho, mateys, away!
¶ There'll be treasure
and adventure today ¶
¶ Let's go
¶ Heave ho, here we go
Together as a team ¶
¶ Jake and the
Never Land Pirates ¶
¶ And me
[Cubby] Follow me, mateys.
The trail to the
Golden Dinghy is this way.
My map says we just follow this
trail over Pipe-Organ Plain...
- [pipe organ blows]
- ...through Monkey Jungle...
- [monkeys chittering]
- ...to Thumbs-Up Rock,
where we'll find
the Golden Dinghy.
Imagine, a whole dinghy
made of solid gold!
Did you hear that?
The puny pirates are following
that blasted map once again
to a golden treasure.
Too bad you don't have
a map like Cubby there, Cap'n.
Bones, be quiet,
you are... a genius.
- I am?
- [both] He is?
Sharky. Got your quill pen?
Never leave me bunk without it.
I take it you've
seen Cubby's map?
Aye, Captain,
'tis a beauty.
Excellent.
I want you to draw a map
exactly like it.
With a few small changes
to trick those puny pirates.
Follow me, mateys.
Follow me, lads.
- Oof!
- Whoa.
[kids] Captain Hook?
Oh, a thousand pardons,
puny pirates.
I really must learn
to watch where I'm going.
Cubby... your map.
Um, thanks. No harm done.
We're off on a treasure hunt,
Captain Hook, wanna join us?
Thank you, but no.
Meself and me crew are off on
our own little treasure hunt.
Ta-ta for now.
- Farewell.
- Anchors away, mateys.
Did Captain Hook seem, I don't
know, nicer than usual?
Sure did.
I don't trust him.
Relax, crew. He's gone and
we have treasure to find.
Cubby, lead on.
Come on, mateys. My map says
we should pass by Cuckoo Rock.
[clock] Cuckoo, cuckoo.
Um... uh...
- We should go this way...
- [clock] Cuckoo, cuckoo.
[all] Cuckoo Rock?
- Again?
- We've been here before.
I think we're going
around in circles.
But we've been following
your map, Cubby.
You always know where to go.
All I know right now is...
we're lost.
According to me freshly
pilfered map,
we should be nearing...
Ahh!
Pipe-Organ Plain.
- [rocks play calliope music]
- Steam from Belch Mountain
pumps these huge pillars
up and down.
This blasted map offers no
instructions how to get across.
[chuckles] I'll wager
the sea pups would figure
out a way to do it.
I know. I'll simply "find the
beat" and time our safe passage.
A-one, a-two, a-three, a...
Oh, never mind.
Run! Run!
[all shouting]
[all screaming]
- My map says it's this way.
- [clock] Cuckoo, cuckoo.
Aw, triple-coconuts.
We're still lost.
But I might be able to
figure out where we are
if I could just get up
high and look around.
We could look around from up
on top of Cuckoo Clock Rock.
Look! Over there!
It's Skull Rock!
I know that's on my map!
It's right over...
Huh?
- [all] Hook Rock?
- Something's wrong
with this map.
I think it's a fake.
One guess who made it.
Hook. I bet he switched maps
when he bumped into Cubby on the
trail.
We've got to get it back.
But how can we find Hook
when we're lost ourselves?
Hmm. I remember two landmarks
on my own map.
We were going to pass them
on the way to the Golden Dinghy.
This is Never Land.
Now the first landmark
I remember was Pipe-Organ Plain,
a musical note on the map.
The second picture
on my map was a banana...
...and that's Monkey Jungle.
Hook's gotta pass
both these places
on his way to Thumbs-Up Rock,
where the treasure is.
Cubby, you're so good with maps
you can even draw your own
and still get us to
where we want to go.
Aw, it's nothin'.
This way, men!
I can practically smell
that Golden Dinghy!
[sniffing] I smell monkeys.
[chittering]
- Oh, me, oh my!
- Blow me down!
Thieves!
Unhand that map,
you furry felons.
That sounds like Monkey Jungle!
[Hook] Get that stuff back,
especially that map!
And that sounds like the monkeys
took Cubby's map!
Come on, let's climb this tree
and check it out.
[Hook] Get that map!
- [monkeys chittering playfully]
- Give us back our pirate stuff,
monkey.
Blast you!
[chuckles] Funny monkeys.
I think they're just... playin'.
- Hey, Monkey!
- [chittering]
- Heads up!
- [thankful chitter]
You're welcome.
Hey, other monkey.
Heads up.
- Got it!
- No!
Here's your map,
Captain Hook.
But, I... was so close.
Yeah, you were close,
for a sneaky-snook.
We did it!
We got my map back!
And we got three
gold doubloons.
Let's grab 'em and go!
So long, Captain Hook.
How did they find me?
I made sure this map sent them
round and round in circles.
Wait one moment.
Oh, that popinjay Cubby
is talented.
He's shown me where
the treasure is.
I'm still in this race!
Here we are, mateys.
My good ol' real map
says the treasure
is over by Thumbs-Up Rock.
- Out of me way, popinjays!
- [all] Huh?
Ah-ha! Thumbs-Up Rock.
I've found it!
I've found...
...an ugly old brown wreck?
Goodie. Maybe we can sail it
to find the Golden Dinghy.
There is no Golden Dinghy.
The puny pirates'
wonderful map is no good.
Bah! Back to the
Jolly Roger we go.
[sighs] Could Hook be right?
Is my map... no good?
It's awesome, Cubby.
Check it out.
[Izzy and Cubby]
The Golden Dinghy!
Yeah! It was just covered
with years of Never Land
dirt and grime.
[chuckles] Hook beat us
to the Golden Dinghy
and he didn't even know it.
We found the hidden treasure
and we got three more
gold doubloons.
Let's grab 'em and
clean up this Golden Dinghy!
- Beautiful.
- It's awesome!
- [Hook and pirates shouting]
- Crackers!
Help! Oh, help!
The Never Falls, dead ahead!
Sounds like an emergency.
Hop aboard, mateys.
Pixie Dust away!
[Hook] This is it, lads.
Hold your noses.
[all shouting]
[Izzy] Yay-hey. We saved
Hook and his crew
and we got three more
gold doubloons!
Let's grab 'em and go.
I'm... I'm alive!
And riding in...
a Golden Dinghy?
That's right, Captain Hook.
Cubby's awesome map
led us right to it.
[Hook] Thundering blunderbuss!
Thanks for helping us find
the Golden Dinghy, mateys,
and for helping
get back Cubby's map.
Now let's put all
our gold doubloons
into our Team
Treasure Chest.
¶ Way, hey
Well done, crew ¶
¶ Everyone knew
just what to do ¶
¶ Way, hey
with help from you ¶
¶ It's time to count
our gold doubloons ¶
Come on, count with us.
[all] Yeah!
[Cubby] One, two, three...
[Jake] Four, five, six...
[Izzy] Seven, eight, nine!
[Jake] Yo-ho! For solving
Pirate Problems today,
we got nine
gold doubloons!
And I got my map back.
But that's not all.
We also brought back
a boatload of bananas.
- Let's eat.
- [chitters]
What do you know?
Where there's bananas,
there's monkeys.
- [both laughing]
- [cheers]
Um, Captain Hook, sir,
are you sure we're
heading the right way?
We've been sailing for hours.
Of course I'm sure, Smee.
I'm using me very own map.
[sighs] That's what
I'm afraid of, sir,
that's what I'm afraid of.
[Jake] "Jake's Cool New Matey."
Crackers and cheese!
Look alive, me hearties.
It's a penguin!
Wow! He must be
a long way from home.
Then let's give him
a warm welcome.
Ahoy, Mr. Penguin!
Welcome to Pirate Island.
Ahoy to you, too.
My name's Percy.
But my friends call me Percy.
Nice to meet you, Percy.
Thank goodness
I made it to land.
I thought my ice raft
was going to melt.
Whoo. Is it always
so hot here?
Warm and toasty,
just the way we like it.
You wouldn't say that
if you were a penguin.
It can't be too cold
if you ask me.
So what brings
you here, Percy?
My ice raft.
Seriously though, you see,
I'm looking for a new home
for all my friends
in our penguin colony.
The last place we lived in
broke into pieces and
it's all floating away.
So now I'm looking for this
little slice of Never Land.
According to penguin legend,
there's a paradise
of ice and snow
where it's winter
all year long.
It's called
Chi-Chi-Chilly Canyon.
I've never heard
of Chi-Chi-Chilly Canyon.
It's not even on my map.
It's not on any map,
so I have to find it myself.
We'll help you find it.
We're always ready
to help a new matey.
Mateys, want to help Percy find
a new home for the penguins?
Great!
Keep a lookout
for gold doubloons.
Whenever we solve
a Pirate Problem together,
they'll appear.
Then we'll collect 'em
and put 'em in our Team
Treasure Chest.
Yo-ho, let's go!
¶ Yo-ho, mateys, away!
¶ There'll be treasure
and adventure today ¶
¶ Let's go
¶ Heave ho, here we go
Together as a team ¶
¶ Jake and the
Never Land Pirates ¶
¶ And me
Just watch yourselves
with it. Careful.
OK. Careful.
Easy as you go.
What's under here?
I'll show you, but sh!
[whispers] It's a secret.
Keep it under your bandanas.
- Awesome!
- Whoa!
- Wow!
- Look, but don't touch, guys.
This statue is very
special to my fellow penguins.
Our new home wouldn't
be a home without it.
A treasure indeed!
Why yes, Cap'n.
Penguins are fascinating.
Did you know that they
can make...
I don't give a hoot
about penguins, Smee.
I want that statue!
Now, go fetch Sharky and Bones.
It's time to watch the little
birdie and see where he goes.
Aw, coconuts.
If Chi-Chi-Chilly Canyon
isn't on my map,
how are we gonna find it?
We'll have to look
somewhere where it's cold.
But there aren't many places
like that on Never Land.
What about Never Peak Mountain?
It's always cold there.
Yeah, but I don't think there
are any canyons up there.
Maybe the canyon's
on the other side of the
mountain in its shade.
Shade? Did you say shade?
That sounds cooler.
Let's get waddling.
Hoo! The heat. I'm about
to have a penguin meltdown.
Speaking of penguins,
check it out!
[Percy] Frozen tundra!
More penguins!
Don't just stand there,
act like penguins.
[both] Waddle-waddle-waddle.
Waddle-waddle.
Waddle-waddle-waddle-waddle.
What's with those penguins?
Oh! Maybe they're
from my colony.
Hey, fellas!
It's me. Percy.
How did you guys
get here so fast?
Were you chased by like
a polar bear or something?
Our waddle's workin'.
He thinks we're penguins.
[both grunt]
Sorry, Cap'n. I wiggled
when I should've waddled.
Percy, stop! It's a trap!
That's Sharkey and Bones!
Me plan worked!
Now, watch what happens
when those puny pirates
try to free their
puny penguin pal.
Once they're all bogged down,
we'll get that statue.
Hang on, Percy.
We'll get you out.
But how can we get Percy out
without us getting stuck?
How 'bout using
this old fence?
We could put some of
the loose boards on the mud
and then Percy could
walk on them like a bridge.
You young pirates are
sharper than a walrus' tusk.
Thanks for helpin'.
We helped Percy out of the mud
and we got three gold doubloons!
Let's grab 'em and keep looking
for Chi-Chi-Chilly Canyon.
Oh, those sea pups
are so clever.
You gotta give 'em that.
Bah. I'll give them
nothing but grief.
Follow me. We must set
another trap
so I can get me hook
on that statue.
[both] Waddle-waddle.
Waddle-waddle.
You can stop waddling now.
[Jake] So we always have to
watch out for Captain Hook.
He sounds like
a snarky ol' shark,
but he'll never stop me.
Whoo! This heat might though.
- [gasps]
- Sno-cones! Sno-cones!
Get your ice cold sno-cones!
[slurps] Snow-way!
Percy, stop!
It's another trap!
I love sno-cones!
[slurps]
So cool. So good.
So... huh?
Not "snow" fast, penguin.
[gasps] The statue!
Frostbites! We gotta save my
statue. This is an emergency.
Pixie Dust away!
Yo-ho, way to go!
We saved Percy's statue and we
got three more gold doubloons!
Let's grab 'em and go
find Chi-Chi-Chilly Canyon.
This is it, Percy.
The other side
of Never Peak Mountain.
[shivers] It's really cold here.
Ahh. Great, isn't it?
Nice and cold.
I'm lovin' it.
And that's not all
I'm lovin'. Look!
Chi-Chi-Chilly Canyon, ho!
It's paradise! Whoo-hoo!
I feel at home already.
Now you can go
back to your colony
and tell all
the other penguins.
I can let them know
right from here.
- [Jake] Yo-ho-ho!
- [Cubby] Wow!
- [Izzy] Amazing!
- [Percy] Yep, you're not wrong.
It's not only pretty,
it's a signal.
When my fellow penguins
see the lights,
they'll follow them
here to our new home.
- Incoming!
- Welcome home, Mr. Penguin.
Now, turn over the statue,
pretty lights and all.
Yay-hey, no-way.
What she said.
This statue belongs to my
colony. I'll never give it up.
You heard the bird, Hook.
The only thing you're leaving
here with is cold feet.
Defiant to the end, eh?
Then it's snowballs for you.
You know what this means,
mateys.
Yo-ho, snowballs go!
Why, of all the insolence!
Don't just stand there, men.
Protect me,
your beloved Captain!
Aye-aye, Cap'n.
[sneezes]
Whoo-hoo!
Ahh, ahh, ahh!
Hoo! Hey! Ooh!
On your feet, men!
Surround the scurvy swabs!
[laughs] This is fun.
Not at me. At them!
Coconuts. I don't know how
much longer we can hold out.
Maybe we won't have to.
Look!
What?
Who in blazes
threw that snow... ball?
[chuckle] Hello.
You know you all make me
feel so under-dressed.
My colony! They found us!
[stammering] Save me!
I'm freezing!
We'll have you back home
and warm in no time, sir.
Bye-bye, penguins.
Welcome to your new home.
Icy icebergs!
Our statue is saved!
Yo-ho, way to go!
The Penguins have their new home
and we got four more gold
doubloons!
Let's grab 'em and go have a
housewarming party in the cold!
¶ Penguins never
get cold feet ¶
¶ Dancin' to a chilly beat
¶ We might not fly
But my, oh, my ¶
¶ We can shake a wing
¶ Waddle, waddle, waddle
¶ Teeter and toddle
¶ Roll around like a bottle
¶ Come on an' waddle
like a penguin ¶
¶ Put your feet together
¶ And shuffle side to side
¶ Hey what do you know
It's zero below ¶
¶ But I'm toasty warm inside
¶ Well, I'm happy flappy
dancin' all around today ¶
¶ And don't I look neat-o
in a tuxedo ¶
¶ Waddlin' away
¶ Waddle, waddle, waddle
¶ Teeter and toddle
¶ Roll around like a bottle
¶ Come on an' waddle
like a penguin ¶
Because of all of you,
my colony has a new home.
I can never
thank you enough.
We're just glad to have
so many cool new mateys.
Thanks for helping us find
a new home for the penguins,
mateys.
Now let's put all
our gold doubloons
into our Team
Treasure Chest.
¶ Way, hey
Well done, crew ¶
¶ Everyone knew
just what to do ¶
¶ Way, hey
with help from you ¶
¶ It's time to count
our gold doubloons ¶
Come on, count with us.
[all] Yeah!
[Cubby] One, two, three...
[Izzy] Four, five, six...
[Jake] Seven, eight,
nine, ten.
Yo-ho. For solving
Pirate Problems today,
we got ten
gold doubloons.
And I brought back sno-cones!
Percy made them
especially for us.
Quick. Let's eat 'em
before they turn
into sno-cone soup.
[sneezes]
Blast all puny pirates
and pesky penguins.
I may never defrost.
- Whoa!
- [thuds]
[sneezes]
[stammering] Frozen bilge water.
¶ Waterfalls and tikis
¶ Guard the hidden doors
¶ To a pirate hangout made from
shipwrecks washed ashore ¶
¶ Tunnels and secret doors
¶ Slide-aways through
the floor ¶
¶ Grottos and hidden caves
¶ Pulleys and counterweights
¶ It's a hideout in disguise
¶ A palm tree covered isle
¶ To make sure that
old Featherhat ¶
¶ Stays away
¶ Pirate island hideout
¶ A hideaway out on the sea
¶ A Never Land mystery
¶ Pirate island hideout
[Skully] Last one to the hideout
is a stale cracker!